[docs] bump d8 CLI version, update mirroring docs to use d8 cli instead of dhctl mirror (#8378)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-CLI.md

* `d8 d` — the range of delivery-related commands (see the `werf` tool).  
    For example, you can run `d8 d plan --repo registry.deckhouse.io` instead of `werf plan --repo registry.deckhouse.io`.

> * `d8 mirror` — the range of DKP distribution mirroring-related commands that were previously known as `dhctl mirror` tool.  
>   For example, you can run `d8 mirror pull -l <LICENSE> <TAR-BUNDLE-PATH>` instead of `dhctl mirror --license <LICENSE> --images-bundle-path <TAR-BUNDLE-PATH>`.
> 
>   > The `d8 d` and `d8 mirror` command groups are not available for Community Edition (CE) and Basic Edition (BE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `d8 mirror` — the range of commands that allow you to copy DKP distribution images to a private container registry (previously the `dhctl mirror` tool was used for this purpose).
  For example, you can run `d8 mirror pull -l <LICENSE> <TAR-BUNDLE-PATH>` instead of `dhctl mirror --license <LICENSE> --images-bundle-path <TAR-BUNDLE-PATH>`.

  > The `d8 d` and `d8 mirror` command groups are not available for Community Edition (CE) and Basic Edition (BE).
```
